09:42 2026-02-19	#spareebo-1stcall-prep	Jobs	preparing for call with @employeeName
	- [ ] separate syntax formatting, handlers, analysis to another file/class? from renderer/app.js
	- [x] remove time update interval? eh, it looks kind of nice
	- [?] check for `window-all-closed` app event, and activate if no windows

	- spareebo, powered by falcon systems
	- founder @original.owner started in 1992
	- powers 100,000s of users in 36 countries
	- realtime data and AI powered tools `but when you have code block`
	- combined management platform and retail software
	- marketing: social posts and email campaigns
	- biz ops: data analysis, KPIs, inventory and retail management
	- many career paths; internship opportunities
	- they host a yearly conference for users
	- PCI, SOC2, HIPAA compliant -- serious MDR (managed detection and response) tools
		~ in AWS cloud
	- feature-based security, with canned roles and templates
	- event-based alerts, activity logs
	
	(?) why just 'beauty and wellness'? what makes them different than other service industries?
	(?) what technologies is spareebo built with?
		~ AWS
		~ AI-driven chatbots and analytics
		~ fully-browser based
		~ integrated payments (spareeboPay)
		~ are the marketing tools internal or external? (powered by OOMA)
			- integrates with listings and reviews sites, unified management
	(?) culture -- fun 'who we are' page reminds me of ABT
		longevity and commitment: since 1992, with yearly conferences
		can you tell me more about what it's like to be a software developer with spareebo?
	10:18 2026-02-19	basically waiting for call
10:29 2026-02-19	#spareebo-1stcall	Jobs	call
	fully remote role, headquartered in CT
	looking to grow the team, adding developers
		replacing some existing roles as they transitioned to other positions
	lot of changes from growth
	30-40 ppl in department, broken into teams w/ a director or team lead
		product roadmaps separated by feature
		suggesting some salary
	* send resume to hiring manager (@hireman; they'll provide contact) and if there are openings will schedule a video interview, hold on to resume, etc
10:39 2026-02-19	@laundry	stuff
11:45 2026-02-19	#jobsearch	Jobs	checking on stuff
	dayforce
12:01 2026-02-19	#school-alumni-ai-webinar	SCHOOL Alumni	listening to a webinar on "AI and the Future of Business"
	dean @dean.deanless dr @borl.pand
	@borl.pand = professor of marketing & analytics; 2 decades working with AI (degree)
	history of generative AI
		1966 = ELIZA (simple pattern matching, simulated conversation)
		1980s-2010s = "the quiet before the storm"
			early neural nets, machine learning; backpropagation
		2012-2017 = deep learning spark
			AlexNet (GPUs + deep learning can 'see' images)
			Transformers (2017) - "Attention is all you need"
		2018-2024 = The LLM Revolution
			Bert (2018) + ChatGPT (2022) models scale up and integrate, the era of 'chat'
		2025-now = the Agentic Shift
			move from talking to doing
			recursive turn: AI writes code to improve itself
				GPT-5.3-Codex was instrumental in creating itself (to debug training, deployment, and diagnose test results)
	how training works
		transformers
			self-supervised learning + backpropagation
			given the start of raw text, predict the next term
			based on correctness of response, adjusts internal weights
		LLMs
			scraped text from internet to answer questions like:
			'the best university in the triangle is...' =
				- UNC 1%
				- Duke 1%
				- SCHOOL 98%
	current adoption and trends
		72% of companies report AI in at least one business function
		42% actively deploy generative AI, 40% exploring
		top application areas: marketing & sales, operations & HR, customer relations (chatbots)
			course pivoted to requiring using it to juzh up content
		future labor market: technically capable of performing tasks equivalent to 11.7% of all US Wages
			15% boost in productivity over the next decade, with 0.5% unemployement rise
			by 2030 should display 92M jobs but create 170M new ones
				e.g. after the introduction of ATMs, actually hired more bank tellers afterwards
	Will AI take my job?
		it replaces TASKS not JOBS
		chat-based genai will become as ubiquitous as spreadsheets
		key to working with it: 'prompt engineering' + 'agent orchestration'
	Prompt / Context Engineering
		the quality of the information + prompt is most important
		"the most popular programming language in the future might be English"
		always iterate!
		for better prompting:
			- set appropriate role/PERSONA, otherwise you'll get an average answer
			- specify output FORMAT: "in a table", "in an outline", "in as few words as possible"
			- TEMPERATURE variable: how strictly should the model stick to the training data vs. being more creative in combining from other sources (copilot allows)
			- ASK if it needs additional info to better answer the question: helps you refine your context
	Agent Orchestration
		shift from 'asking question' to 'assigning a mission'
			e.g. "write a python script" vs "monitor a website daily, extract and update database, email summary"
		people's role shifts to Architect (plan workflow) and Auditor (verify results)
	Need for AI-Ready Employees
		75% executives use genai weekly, but only 51% frontline employees
		canary warning: entry-level workers employment dropped 13-20%
		implication: 'learning by doing' roles are vanishing
	3 pillars
		1. learn with AI, 2. build with AI, 3. build AI
		Learn with AI
			- retrieval practice: ask it to quiz you "roast my understanding of this concept"
			- socratic critic: debate "tell me why my plan is wrong"
			- synthesis: summarize for actionable insights
			- accelerated upskilling: help learn complex topics faster
		Building with AI
			- shift from Consumers to Creators
			- move beyond mere usage, must understand underlying mechanics
			- develop skills in data curation, model training, and algorithmic design
			- foster critical thinking to address ethical considerationsa and bias
		Building AI
			- from Creators to Developers: enabling custom workflows without deep expertise (create Gems and GPTs)
			- deal with 'fragility': must learn to build resilient, auditable, and robust systems
			- the 'think and do' practicum: 8-month products with 13+ industry sponsors, building real-world predictive models and agentic systems
			- learn the 'math behind the magic' to better drive outcomes
	SCHOOL Curriculums
		- Data Science and AI Academy -- courses, certificates, and minors
		- Business Analytics Concentration and Honors Program
		- Graduate Certificate in Business AI -- launched fall 20XX, learn to manage deployment and implementation of AI systems
		- Master's of Management Marketing / Risk Analytics -- deep dives into subject areas where AI and Analytics is playing an outsize role
		- Master's of Science in Analytics -- oldest progrem in the world (20y, largely supported by LOCALGIANT's contribution in data analysis)
	lol, AI-generated conclusion: "AI is not here to replace us, but to empower us.  It's up to us to adapt."
	12:35 2026-02-19	Q&A time
	possibility of data leakage?
		SCHOOL has agreements with service providers (Froogle) to protect your data in the event of a leak
	someone commented that we shouldn't dismiss environmental impact
		it's apparently actually hard to determine the actual per-user impact, vs. the ridiculous needs of data center
		could we leverage smaller models when appropriate? (like, 'what taco place should i eat at' could use a local model on your phone)
			@dean.deanless mentioned SCHOOL is actively working on it
		@attendee shared a folder of reports on the impact, kind of refuting what @borl.pand said <link to google drive files>
	what's most reliable?
		SCHOOL is *currently* using Gemini, but also talking to OpenAI
		real answer is: it depends, compare them, and constantly changes
	copyright?
		is the output of AI copyrightable? if just computer-generated then no, but if with human interaction then yes (e.g. writing a doc with MS Word = owned by you, not MS)
		training data attribution is messy, they're still figuring it out
	suggestion to read "Player Piano" by Kurt Vonnegut, lotta parallels to today's evolution into an AI economy
